
### Table of Contents
1. [Overview](/index.md)
2. [Introduction](/intro_specfem.md)
3. [Part I: Setting up SPECFEM3D_GLOBE](/getting_started.md)
4. [Part II: Continental-scale Simulations](/prep_data.md)
5. [Part III: Additional Topics](/partIII.md)
6. [Resources](resources.md)


## Overview

This tutorial will show you how to set up and run a regional simulation using
SPECFEM3D_GLOBE.

The tutorial consists of three parts:

In the **first part**, we will look at how to set up SPECFEM3D_GLOBE. 
This includes: how to obtain the source code, how to configure, and how to 
compile SPECFEM3D_GLOBE.

In the **second part**, we will go through the steps that are needed to run
a regional simulation. We will look at how to prepare the relevant input 
data and parameters, show you how to mesh the regional model, and how to 
run the solver itself.

If time permits, we also have a **third part**, where we explore the topics 
of visualization, comparing our simulation data with the ShakeMovie 
synthetics, and adjoint simulations.

For our regional simulations, we will be looking at the **2014 Napa
earthquake**, which is further described in the introduction section.


### Tutorial at a glance:

**Introduction:** Brief description of the SPECFEM3D_GLOBE software package and the Napa
earthquake.

**Part I: Setting up SPECFEM3D_GLOBE:** Shows you how to obtain the source
code, configure and compile SPECFEM3D_GLOBE.

**Part II: Regional Simulation:** Shows you how to prepare the input data for
the regional simulation, which includes providing the CMT solution for the
source, providing the receiver locations, and editing the input parameter file.
It will also show you how to create a mesh for the regional model, and how to
run the solver.

**Part III: Additional Topics:** Looks at how to visualize the regional
simulations using Paraview. It also shows you how to compare the synthetics
from the simulation with the synthetics generated by the ShakeMovie project.
Lastly, it also touches upon the subject of running adjoint simulations.

---

By the end of this tutorial, you should have a good idea of how to:
* Obtain and set up SPECFEM3D_GLOBE in your own environment.
* Run a simulation using an event of your own interest
* Change the resolution of the simulation
* Use different earth models
* Visualize the simulation output


[Next section](/intro_specfem.md)
